README.md, before:

# ShittyUnrealGame
Current Version .001h

# Introduction
Shitty Unreal Game is a shitty FPS/Questing game
Set in the near future 1-10 years, at a time when a distopian development is very possible but not clearly present.
This game will be as realistic as is possible while still being enjoyable. Ideally damage will be 1 to 1, headshot is instadeath and limb damage may be crippling.
The user will have full ability to do whatever they want, whether that is good or bad and each action has its consequence - seen and unseen.

# Requirements
Currently this is only a modern windows program, but can be ported to most.

# Installation
Run the installer.

# Version History
Version .002: Barebones combat system implemented; bots fight back & are slower, muzzle climb, select fire, created silly mode
Version .001h: Added death and kill animations, fixed crouch collision model
Version .001g: Added primitive AI framework and four bots to map
Version .001f: Added ADS, visual report to AK, damage system to ammo and relaod animation, also added soundtrack
Version .001e: Fixed Y axis issue with AK not moving, added PEWPEW sound to AK
Version .001d: Added AK47 with Tictac ammo (LOL), Added Swat guy for player and assigned animations
Version .001c: Added visual report of damage
Version .001b: Added Health system with logic for fire and healing
Version .001a: Added first person view with body and improved controls
Version .001: Barebones physics/weapon/munition/run system
Version .0001: Barebones 1st person mobility

# Version Roadmap
Version .003: Custom map imported
Version .004: First Character created w/ dialogue
Version .005: First simple quest created
Version .01: Proof of concept; Barebones of each system
Version .1: May be called an alpha shitty game at this point

# Bugs/Need work
Transition animations are still bullocks

# Maps
Completed: Stage test
Incomplete: Derry, Matacasa/Shooting Range, Hudson

# Contributions
greventlv, entropyandroid, platythegreen

Commit message:

.002a: Recreated Killhouse from COD4 and called Matacasa, added assets, bots, AI and map adjustements

README.md, after:

# ShittyUnrealGame
Current Version .002a

# Introduction
Shitty Unreal Game is a shitty FPS/Questing game
Set in the near future 1-10 years, at a time when a distopian development is very possible but not clearly present.
This game will be as realistic as is possible while still being enjoyable. Ideally damage will be 1 to 1, headshot is instadeath and limb damage may be crippling.
The user will have full ability to do whatever they want, whether that is good or bad and each action has its consequence - seen and unseen.

# Requirements
Currently this is only a modern windows program, but can be ported to most.

# Installation
Run the installer.

# Version History
Version .002a: Recreated Killhouse from COD4 and called Matacasa, added assets, bots, AI and map adjustements
Version .002: Barebones combat system implemented; bots fight back & are slower, muzzle climb, select fire, created silly mode
Version .001h: Added death and kill animations (PITA), fixed crouch collision model
Version .001g: Added primitive AI framework and four bots to map
Version .001f: Added ADS, visual report to AK, damage system to ammo and relaod animation, also added soundtrack
Version .001e: Fixed Y axis issue with AK not moving, added PEWPEW sound to AK
Version .001d: Added AK47 with Tictac ammo (LOL), Added Swat guy for player and assigned animations
Version .001c: Added visual report of damage
Version .001b: Added Health system with logic for fire and healing
Version .001a: Added first person view with body and improved controls
Version .001: Barebones physics/weapon/munition/run system
Version .0001: Barebones 1st person mobility

# Version Roadmap
Version .003: Custom map imported
Version .004: First Character created w/ dialogue
Version .005: First simple quest created
Version .01: Proof of concept; Barebones of each system
Version .1: May be called an alpha shitty game at this point

# Bugs/Need work
Transition animations are still bullocks

# Maps
Completed: Stage test
Incomplete: Matacasa/Shooting Range
Todo: Derry, Hudson

# Inspired by
Delta force, Call of Cthullu, SOF2, CODMW,

# Contributions
greventlv, entropyandroid, platythegreen
